About 20 kids in traditional clothing and hats waiting on stairs .
a house and a green wall with gate in the background .
a sign saying that plants cant be picked up on the right .
a rock hole in the ground surrounded by sand .
one man in a white tee-shirt , grey pants and a white cap is holding a shovel , the other one is wearing black pants , a white jumper and a traditional hat , is walking towards him .
a yellow building with white columns in the background .
two palm trees in front of the house .
cars parked in front of the house .
a woman and a child are walking over the square .
a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight .
there are red umbrellas in a park on the right .
people are walking through the park , others are crossing the road in the foreground .
a white , large statue with spread arms on a hill .
picture taken from behind .
bushes and small trees on the hill .
street leading up the hill .
there are white clouds in the blue sky .
View of a city with many dark green trees and white houses with red roofs .
there are a few high-rise buildings and a stadium in the centre .
a cascading waterfall in the middle of the jungle .
front view with pool of dirty water in the foreground .
a man in a red tee-shirt and a woman carrying a red bag are watching some waterfalls on a lookout in the foreground .
green trees , black rocks and a grey sky in the background .
View of giant , thunderous waterfalls over a u-shaped cliff .
white clouds in a blue sky in the background .
a long dam with high voltage pylons .
a blue sky with white fleecy clouds in the background .
A narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right .
one car is going up the street .
there are a few people in the street and a large thundercloud in the background .